The website must contain a drop-down which lists four users.- Checked the site and the output showed the list of 4 users
Selecting a user must display answers relevant to that user (see table below). - Checked the output and found it matched with the rubrics table
The code written to calculate the answers to the questions must seem like it could handle different data if it were supplied, including the following edge-cases: Built the logic in the code accordingly
User 4 has no data, so no questions apply to the user. Some intelligible statement should be shown to the user (e.g. “This user didn’t listen to any songs.”). - Built the logic and tested it for user 4
If a question doesn’t apply (e.g. if no songs were ever listened to on a Friday night), the interface should completely hide the question and answer. Displaying the question and an empty result, or any kind of error, is not acceptable. - Built the function and checked that it works as per the instructions.
If fewer than three (but more than zero) genres were listened to the site should list the top genres listened to. It must not display text like “Top 3 genres”, but may say “Top genres” or “Top 2 genres” or similar. - yes built and checked the logic
Unit tests must be written for at least one non-trivial function. - Tested the topGenres function using unit tests in common.test.mjs. Tested that it correctly reads listening events for a user, aggregates genres from songs in those events, it counts how many genres appear and returns genres sorted in descending order of frequency.
The website must score 100 for accessibility in Lighthouse - Yes .it scores 100% in accessibility and tested it on the deployed site also.
